docs: add Worker Services to docs site. (#2785)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/docs/manifest/worker-service.en.md.md

> List of all available properties for a `'Worker Service'` manifest. To learn about Copilot services, see the [Services](../concepts/services.en.md) concept page.

Reviewer: Is there an extra `.md` on the file name?

Author: 🤦‍♂️

???+ note "Sample manifest for a worker service"

    ```yaml
    # Your service name will be used in naming your resources like log groups, ECS services, etc.

>     name: events-worker

Reviewer 2: nit:
```suggestion
    name: orders-worker
```

    type: Worker Service

>     # Your service is reachable at "http://api.${COPILOT_SERVICE_DISCOVERY_ENDPOINT}:8080" but is not public.
> 
>     # Configuration for your containers and service.
>     image:
>       build: ./api/Dockerfile

Reviewer 2: hehe copy/pasta issues here 🍝 
```suggestion
    # Configuration for your containers and service.
    image:
      build: ./orders/Dockerfile
```

    cpu: 256
    memory: 512
    count: 1

    subscribe:
      topics:
        - name: events
          service: api
          queue:
            timeout: 10s
            dead_letter:

>               tries: 5

Reviewer 2: What do you think of removing this? I kinda want to push folks to just use the shared queue and only surface this if they reach out to us 💭

    ```

<a id="name" href="#name" class="field">`name`</a> <span class="type">String</span>
The name of your service.

<div class="separator"></div>

<a id="type" href="#type" class="field">`type`</a> <span class="type">String</span>  
The architecture type for your service. [Worker Services](../concepts/services.en.md#worker-service) are not reachable from the internet or elsewhere in the VPC. They are designed to pull messages from their associated SQS queues, which are populated by their subscriptions to SNS topics created by other Copilot services' `publish` fields.

<div class="separator"></div>

<a id="subscribe" href="#subscribe" class="field">`subscribe`</a> <span class="type">Map</span>
The `subscribe` section allows worker services to create subscriptions to the SNS topics exposed by other Copilot services in the same application and environment. Each topic can define its own SQS queue, but by default all topics are subscribed to the worker service's default queue. 

```yaml
subscribe:
  topics:
    - name: events
      service: api
      queue: # Define a topic-specific queue for the api-events topic.
        timeout: 20s 
    - name: events
      service: fe

>   queue:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  queue: # By default all notifications will go to the shared events queue.
```
